v1.0.2 (2022-07-26)
===================

Backwards Incompatible Changes
------------------------------

- Dropped support for Python 3.6. (`#73 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/73>`_)


Features
--------

- Updated "SIS Crate" digitizers mapper
  (`~bapsflib._hdf.maps.digitizers.siscrate.HDFMapDigiSISCrate`) so the
  analog-digital-converters can have enabled/active boards without
  enabled/active channels. (`#61 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/61>`_)
- Updated `~bapsflib._hdf.maps.controls.sizk.HDFMapControl6K` so the
  identification and mapping of probe configurations uses the combination
  of the receptacle number and probe name as an unique id, opposed to
  just the probe name. (`#63 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/63>`_)
- Created helper function `bapsflib.utils._bytes_to_str` to convert
  byte literals to utf-8 strings. (`#64 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/64>`_)
- Made indexing of datasets more robust in a few locations in anticipation
  of allowing `h5py >= 3.0`, and thus accounting for `h5py`'s change in
  indexing behavior. (`#65 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/65>`_)


Documentation Improvements
--------------------------

- Incorporated `towncrier <https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/en/actual-freaking-docs/>`_
  and `sphinx-changelog <https://sphinx-changelog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ for
  better change log tracking and continuous change log rending in the documentation. (`#56 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/56>`_)


Trivial/Internal Changes
------------------------

- Refactored `bapsflib` module imports to be consistent with the style
  enforced by `isort`. (`#66 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/66>`_)
- Refactored `bapsflib` using `black==21.7b0` styling formatter, and
  converted many string concatenations and format strings into
  `f-strings
  <https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/inputoutput.html#formatted-string-literals>`_ . (`#67 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/67>`_)
- Added :file:`.git-blame-ignore-revs` to package so `git blame` ignores
  the major refactoring commits from
  `isort` PR `#66 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/66>`_
  and `black` PR `#67 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/67>`_\ . (`#68 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/68>`_)
- Converted all remaining relative imports to absolute imports. (`#83 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/83>`_)
- Added `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`_
  as a package "extras" dependency. (`#86 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/86>`_)


Package Management
------------------

- Added GitHub Action :file:`check_pr_changelog.yml` to check for valid
  change log entries on a pull request. (`#58 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/58>`_)
- Added GitHub Action :file:`tests.yml` for testing of pushes to
  ``master``, version tags, pull requests, and cron jobs every Sunday
  at 3:13 am PT.  Tests are setup to run on the latest versions of
  ubuntu, MacOS, and Windows.  Tests are setup to run on
  Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8.  Tests also run on min versions of
  `h5py` (``v2.8.0``) and `numpy` (``v1.14``). (`#58 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/58>`_)
- Added ``isort`` configuration to ``pyproject.toml``. (`#66 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/66>`_)
- Created GitHub Action :file:`linters.yml` with the
  `isort/isort-action <https://github.com/isort/isort-action>`_ to check
  that module imports are properly styled. (`#66 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/66>`_)
- Added ``black==21.7b0`` to the "extras" dependencies and add its
  configuration to ``pyproject.toml``. (`#67 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/67>`_)
- Added to GitHub Action :file:`linters.yml`` the
  `psf/black <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/integrations/github_actions.html>`_
  action to check that new code is formatted properly. (`#67 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/67>`_)
- Deleted `.pep8speaks.yml` and disconnect CI from repo since package is
  adopting `black` and associated GitHub Action. (`#67 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/67>`_)
- Added a `GitHub Dependabot
  <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-version-updates/configuration-options-for-the-dependabot.yml-file>`__
  to keep versions of GitHub Actions up to date. (`#72 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/72>`_)
- Reworked testing GitHub Action workflow such that: two base tests are
  initially run; if the base tests pass, then the full matrix of tests
  are run; and if the full matrix of tests passes, then the tests on
  minimum versions are run. (`#72 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/72>`_)
- Updated GitHub Actions for linters ``isort`` and ``black`` such that
  the associated package versions used are taken from `bapsflib`'s
  requirements files. (`#72 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/72>`_)
- Set `numpy` dependency to ``>= 1.15``. (`#73 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/73>`_)
- Set package dependency ``coverage[toml] >= 4.5.1``.  The ``[toml]``
  option allows for the coverage configuration to be defined in
  :file:`pyproject.toml`, and `v4.5.1` is the first release with this
  functionality. (`#74 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/74>`_)
- Moved the coverage configuration from :file:`.coveragerc` to
  :file:`pyproject.toml`. (`#74 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/74>`_)
- Removed `setuptools` and `setuptools_scm` from :file:`setup.cfg`
  install dependencies since they are already listed as build dependencies
  in :file:`pyproject.toml`. (`#74 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/74>`_)
- Exposed :file:`requirements/build.txt` into
  :file:`requirements/install.txt` since `setuptools` and `setuptools_scm`
  are both build and install dependencies. (`#74 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/74>`_)
- Added workflow :file:`python-publish.yml` to GitHub Actions that builds
  and publishes a release to `PyPI <https://pypi.org/>`_ when using
  `GitHub's Releases functionality
  <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases>`_\ . (`#84 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/84>`_)
- Added an ``import bapsflib`` test to the :file:`test.yml` GitHub
  Action workflow. (`#85 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/85>`_)
- Added a package build and install test to the :file:`test.yml` GitHub
  Action workflow. (`#85 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/85>`_)
- Added a `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`_
  test to the :file:`linters.yml` GitHub Action workflow. (`#86 <https://github.com/BaPSF/bapsflib/pull/86>`_)
